CheerpX FullOS tutorial: Direct people also to setCustomConsole (#273)
leaningtech/labs: sites/cheerpx/src/content/docs/13-tutorials/full_os.md

cx.setConsole(document.getElementById("console"));
```

> Learn more about the console setup in the [setConsole] reference. To set up a complete responsive terminal, take a look at the [setCustomConsole] reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about the console setup in the [setConsole] reference. To set up a fully functional interactive terminal, take a look at the [setCustomConsole] reference instead.
```
